I don't believe no hundreds come here
boy hey what's up mr. Bert what's up
what's up my gym is up in flames look
damn how'd that happened as if you don't
know you're a degenerate the think I
trusted you it wasn't me
yeah I'm no saint but I tried to bring
order to the school to stop the bullying
ha bullying I don't care about bullying
in fact I encourage boys right bills
moral fiber makes men yeah cuz you
didn't make the team you had to ruin it
forever you bully you're a pig you
ruined my life
what are you talking about I never
wanted to be on the team
you liked to torment weak kids and
you've got the personality of a
jockstrap yeah well I called the police
you'll be killed for this my boy wasn't
me you're done for Hopkins what who was
that it's Yuri there's people trapped
inside he's scared
money man you guys are pathetic I'll get
him where's the fire extinguisher by the
stairs next to the locker room
but don't think I forgiven you Hopkins
I'm getting out of here ah fuck stop
oh thank you
what happened Mandy I don't know I'll
check it out I lit a little fire on your
butt dang I tell you my way schoolboy I
regret nothing
glad that's done you want more loser
you